(15th) Eugene F. Brigham & Joel F. Houston - Fundamentals of Financial Management. 15th edition-Cengage (2019).part1.rar
(15th) Eugene F. Brigham & Joel F. Houston - Fundamentals of Financial Management. 15th edition-Cengage (2019).part2.rar
(1st Edition) Erdogan Koc - Cross-Cultural Aspects of Tourism and Hospitality A Services Marketing and Management Perspective (2020).pdf
(5) JACARANDA - Jacaranda key concepts in vce business management units 3 & 4 fifth edition-John Wiley & Sons Australia (2019).pdf
(AKAD University Edition) Ronny Alexander Fürst - Gestaltung und Management der digitalen Transformation _ Ökonomische, kulturelle, gesellschaftliche und technologische Perspektiven-Springer Fachmedie.pdf
(Data Analytics Applications) Mounir Kehal, Shahira El Alfy - Data Analytics in Marketing, Entrepreneurship, and Innovation-CRC Press (2021).pdf
(Edition Frankfurt School) Heike Brost, Martin Faust, Wolfgang J. Reittinger - Private Banking und Wealth Management_ Strategien und Erfolgsfaktoren-Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden,Springer Gabler (2019.pdf
(Edition Innovative Verwaltung) Dieter Hahn - Risiko-Management in Kommunen Handlungsorientierter Leitfaden für die kommunale Praxis (2020).pdf
(Excel For Statistics) Thomas J. Quirk, Eric Rhiney - Excel 2019 For Marketing Statistics_ A Guide To Solving Practical Problems-Springer (2021).pdf
(FOM-Edition) Clemens Jäger, Thomas Heupel - Management Basics_ Grundlagen der Betriebswirtschaftslehre – dargestellt im Unternehmenslebenszyklus-Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden_Springer Gabler (2020).pdf
(FOM-Edition) Markus H. Dahm, Stefan Thode - Strategie und Transformation im digitalen Zeitalter_ Inspirationen für Management und Leadership-Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden_Springer Gabler (2019).pdf
(FOM-Edition) Wolf-Dieter Hiemeyer, Dominik Stumpp - Integration von Marketing und Vertrieb_ Ein konzeptioneller Ansatz für ein erfolgreiches Schnittstellenmanagement-Springer Fachmedien Wiesbaden_Spr.pdf
(International Marketing and Management Research) George Z. Peng - Toward Behavioral Transaction Cost Economics_ Theoretical Extensions and an Application to the Study of MNC Subsidiary Ownership-Spri.pdf
(Palgrave Studies In Political Marketing And Management) Andre Turcotte - Political Marketing Alchemy_ The State Of Opinion Research-Palgrave Pivot (2021).pdf
(Palgrave Studies in Political Marketing and Management) Jamie Gillies, Vincent Raynauld, André Turcotte - Political Marketing in the 2019 Canadian Federal Election-Springer International Publishing_P.pdf
(Queen’s Policy Studies Ser.) Graham, Andrew - Canadian Public-Sector Financial Management _ Third Edition.-McGill-Queen’s University Press (2019).pdf
(ifaa-Edition) Ralph W. Conrad, Olaf Eisele, Frank Lennings, ifaa – Institut für angewandte Arbeitswissenschaft e. V - Shopfloor-Management - Potenziale mit einfachen Mitteln erschließen_ Erfolgreiche.pdf
853737.pdf
9102183034.pdf
Ajay Agrawal, Joshua Gans, Avi Goldfarb - Máquinas predictivas (Prediction Machines Spanish Edition)_ La sencilla economía de la inteligencia artificial-Reverte Management (2020).pdf
Ann G. Ryan, Douglas C. Montgomery, Elizabeth A. Peck, G. Geoffrey Vining Solutions Manual to Accompany Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis.part1.rar
Ann G. Ryan, Douglas C. Montgomery, Elizabeth A. Peck, G. Geoffrey Vining Solutions Manual to Accompany Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis.part2.rar
Arnold Zellner An introduction to Bayesian inference in econometrics.djvu
Barney L. Capehart, William J. Kennedy, - Guide to Energy Management, Eighth Edition - International Version (2020).pdf
Budgeting an experimental investigation of the effect.pdf
Carlo Mari - A Business History Of The Bicycle Industry_ Shaping Marketing Practices-Palgrave Pivot (2021).pdf
Carlo Mari - A Business History of the Bicycle Industry_ Shaping Marketing Practices-Springer International Publishing_Palgrave Pivot (2021).pdf
Cheng Hsiao Analysis of Panel Data.pdf
ContentServer.pdf
Cryer, Jonathan D. Time Series Analysis With Applications in R.pdf
Damodar Gujarati, Dawn Porter Basic Econometrics.pdf
Damodar N. Gujarati Basic Econometrics.pdf
Damodar N. Gujarati -Basic Econometrics-McGraw-Hill (2004).pdf
Daniel Kahneman, Paul Slovic, Amos Tversky (eds.)-Judgment under Uncertainty_ Heuristics and Biases-Cambridge University Press (1982).part1.rar
Daniel Kahneman, Paul Slovic, Amos Tversky (eds.)-Judgment under Uncertainty_ Heuristics and Biases-Cambridge University Press (1982).part2.rar
David Clark-Carter-Quantitative Psychological Research_ The Complete Student's Companion -Psychology Press (2009) (2).pdf
David Hosmer, Stanley Lemeshow, Rodney Sturdivant-Applied Logistic Regression-Wiley (2013).pdf
David Silverman, Amir Marvasti Doing Qualitative Research A Comprehensive Guide.part1.rar
David Silverman, Amir Marvasti Doing Qualitative Research A Comprehensive Guide.part2.rar
David Silverman, Amir Marvasti Doing Qualitative Research A Comprehensive Guide.part3.rar
David Ulrich-Human resource champions_ the next agenda for adding value and delivering results-Harvard Business Press (1997).epub
David W. Hosmer, Stanley Lemeshow, Susanne Mayauth. Applied Survival Analysis Regression Modeling of Time-to-Event Data, Second Edition.pdf
Dipak K. Dey, Sujit K. Ghosh, Bani K. Mallick Generalized Linear Models A Bayesian Perspective.pdf
Donald R Cooper, Pamela S. Schindler Business Research Methods.part1.rar
Donald R Cooper, Pamela S. Schindler Business Research Methods.part2.rar
Douglas C. Montgomery, Elizabeth A. Peck, G. Geoffrey Vining Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis.pdf
Dr. Debra Zahay - Digital Marketing Management, Second Edition-Business Expert Press (2020).epub
Earl Babbie The Practice of Social Research.part1.rar
Earl Babbie The Practice of Social Research.part2.rar
Earl R. Babbie The Practice of Social Research 12th Edition .pdf
Edwin Jacob Nijssen - Entrepreneurial marketing _ how to develop customer demand (2022).pdf
Factors Influencing the Target Costing Process.pdf
G. S. Maddala Limited-Dependent and Qualitative Variables in Econometrics.pdf
Gary Armstrong, Philip Kotler - Marketing_ An Introduction [RENTAL EDITION]-Pearson (2019).part1.rar
Gary Armstrong, Philip Kotler - Marketing_ An Introduction [RENTAL EDITION]-Pearson (2019).part2.rar
Gary Armstrong, Philip Kotler - Marketing_ An Introduction [RENTAL EDITION]-Pearson (2019).part3.rar
Gary Armstrong, Philip Kotler - Marketing_ An Introduction [RENTAL EDITION]-Pearson (2019).part4.rar
Geoffrey A. Jehle, Philip J. Reny Advanced Microeconomic Theory, 3rd Edition .pdf
Gerry Johnson, Kevan Scholes, Richard Whittington Exploring Corporate Strategy 8th Edition.pdf
Gilles Kröger - Understanding digital marketing_ The principles of digital marketing explained simply and practically (2021).epub
H. Thomas Johnson, Robert S. Kaplan Relevance Lost The Rise and Fall of Management Accounting.pdf
Hal R. Varian Microeconomic Analysis.pdf
Hal R. Varian Microeconomics analysis.pdf
Harry Wolk, James Dodd, Michael Tearney Accounting Theory Conceptual Issues in a Political and Economic Environment.part1.rar
Harry Wolk, James Dodd, Michael Tearney Accounting Theory Conceptual Issues in a Political and Economic Environment.part2.rar
Harry Wolk, James Dodd, Michael Tearney Accounting Theory Conceptual Issues in a Political and Economic Environment.part3.rar
Hashem Pesaran, Lung-Fei Lee, Cheng Hsiao, M. Hashem Pesaran, Kajal Lahiri, Lung Fei Lee Analysis of Panels and Limited Dependent Variable Models.rar
Healthcare Information & Management Systems Society (HIMSS) - HIMSS Dictionary of Health Information Technology Terms, Acronyms, and Organizations, 5th Edition.-CRC Press (2019).pdf
JM90-Truth in Marketing Theory and Research.pdf
James Roughton Certified Safety Professional (CSP)_ Canadian Registered Safety Professional (CRSP)_ Certified Hazardous Materials Manager (CHMM)_ MS in Safety Science_ Past President of the Georgia Ch.part1.rar
James Roughton Certified Safety Professional (CSP)_ Canadian Registered Safety Professional (CRSP)_ Certified Hazardous Materials Manager (CHMM)_ MS in Safety Science_ Past President of the Georgia Ch.part2.rar
Jan Knikker - How To Win Work_ The Architect's Guide to Business Development and Marketing-RIBA publishing (2021).epub
Jason Falls - Winfluence_ Reframing Influencer Marketing to Reignite Your Brand-Entrepreneur Press (2021).epub
Jessica Rogers - The Digital Marketing Landscape-Business Expert Press (2021).epub
John M. Nicholas, Herman Steyn - Project Management for Engineering, Business and Technology, 5th Edition-Routledge (2017).pdf
John McAuley, Philip Johnson, Joanne Duberley-Organization Theory_ Challenges and Perspectives -Prentice Hall (2007).pdf
Joseph F. Hair, William C. Black, Barry J. Babin, Rolph E. Anderson Multivariate Data Analysis 7th Edition.pdf
Jr., William C. Black, Barry J. Ba Joseph F. Hair Multivariate Data Analysis.pdf
Karl Popper The Logic Of Scientific Discovery.pdf
Karl Popper The logic of scientific discovery.pdf
Ki Beom Kim (Editor), Reza Movahed (Editor), Raman K. Malhortra (Editor), Jeffrey J. Stanely (Editor) - Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea_ An Evidence-Based, Multidisciplinary Textbook 1st ed. 202.part1.rar
Ki Beom Kim (Editor), Reza Movahed (Editor), Raman K. Malhortra (Editor), Jeffrey J. Stanely (Editor) - Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea_ An Evidence-Based, Multidisciplinary Textbook 1st ed. 202.part2.rar
Kim Heldman - PMP Project Management Professional Exam Study Guide_ 2021 Exam Update, 10th Edition (2020).epub
Lynne Eagle, Stephan Dahl, Patrick De Pelsmacker, Charles R. Taylor - The SAGE Handbook Of Marketing Ethics (2021, SAGE Publicationsi.pdf
Lynne Eagle, Stephan Dahl, Patrick De Pelsmacker, Charles R. Taylor - The SAGE Handbook Of Marketing Ethics (2021, SAGE Publicationsi.rar
Mark Orwell - Pinterest Marketing the Ultimate Guide_ A Complete Guide to the Secrets of Pinterest Marketing for Beginners (2021).epub
Marketing Theory-2012-Lusch-193-9.pdf
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part1.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part2.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part3.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part4.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making.pdf
Michael Armstrong - armstrong's handbook of performance management 6th edition (2020).pdf
Michelle Krasniak_ Jan Zimmerman_ Deborah Ng - Social Media Marketing All-in-One For Dummies (2021).part1.rar
Michelle Krasniak_ Jan Zimmerman_ Deborah Ng - Social Media Marketing All-in-One For Dummies (2021).part2.rar
Norman K. Denzin, Yvonna S. Lincoln-The SAGE Handbook of Qualitative Research-Sage Publications, Inc (2005).part1.rar
Norman K. Denzin, Yvonna S. Lincoln-The SAGE Handbook of Qualitative Research-Sage Publications, Inc (2005).part2.rar
Norman K. Denzin, Yvonna S. Lincoln-The SAGE Handbook of Qualitative Research-Sage Publications, Inc (2005).part3.rar
Norman K. Denzin, Yvonna S. Lincoln-The SAGE Handbook of Qualitative Research-Sage Publications, Inc (2005).part4.rar
Norman R. Draper, Harry Smith Applied Regression Analysis, Third Edition .part1.rar
Norman R. Draper, Harry Smith Applied Regression Analysis, Third Edition .part2.rar
Paul Evans_ Vladimir Pucik_ Ingmar Björkman_ Shad Morris - The Global Challenge_ International Human Resource Management, Third Edition-Chicago Business Press (2016).pdf
Paul W. Farris, Rajkumar Venkatesan, and Ronald T. Wilcox - Marketing Analytics_ Essential Tools for Data-Driven Decisions (2021) - libgen.li.pdf
Philip Kotler, Gary Armstrong - Principles of Marketing - Global Edition-Pearson (2015).rar
Philip Kotler, Waldemar Pfoertsch, Uwe Sponholz - H2H Marketing_ The Genesis of Human-to-Human Marketing-Springer International Publishing_Springer (2021).pdf
Philip Kotler_ Hermawan Kartajaya_ Iwan Setiawan - Marketing 5.0 Technology for Humanity (2021).epub
Rachel Hay, Lynne Eagle, Abhishek Bhati - Broadening Cultural Horizons in Social Marketing_ Comparing Case Studies from Asia-Pacific-Springer Singapore_Springer (2021).pdf
Raymond Chip Tafrate PhD, Howard Kassinove PhD - Anger Management for Everyone Ten Proven Strategies to Help You Control Anger and Live a Happier Life-Impact Second Edition, Revised edition (2019).pdf
Riahi-Belkaoui A. Behavioral Management Accounting.pdf
Richard Arnold Johnson, Dean W. Wichern Applied multivariate statistical analysis, 5th Edition.pdf
Richard Arnold Johnson, Dean W. Wichern Applied multivariate statistical analysis, 6th Edition .pdf
Robert H. Ashton editor, Alison Hubbard Ashton editor Judgment and Decision-Making Research in Accounting and Auditing Cambridge Series on Judgment and Decision Making.pdf
Robert L. Mason, Richard F. Gunst, James L. Hess Statistical design and analysis of experiments with applications to engineering and science.pdf
Robert Palmatier, Shrihari Sridhar - Marketing Strategy_ Based on First Principles and Data Analytics-Red Globe Press (2021).pdf
Roman Kozhan Financial Econometrics.pdf
Ryan Deiss_ Russ Henneberry - Digital Marketing For Dummies, 2nd Edition (2020).epub
SCARBOROUGH NORMAN M. ET.AL - Essentials of Entrepreneurship and Small Business Management, Global Edition-PEARSON EDUCATION (2016).pdf
Sandra Moriarty, Nancy Mitchell, Charles Wood, William D. Wells - Advertising & IMC_ Principles and Practice (11th Edition) (What's New in Marketing)-Pearson (2018).part1.rar
Sandra Moriarty, Nancy Mitchell, Charles Wood, William D. Wells - Advertising & IMC_ Principles and Practice (11th Edition) (What's New in Marketing)-Pearson (2018).part2.rar
Sanford Weisberg Applied Linear Regression.pdf
Sanford Weisberg Applied linear regression (1).pdf
Santacroce, Sarah - The Gentle Marketing Revolution_ Grow your business your way. With integrity and kindness.-SarahSantacroce.com (2021).epub
Scientific Realism and Truth.pdf
Spyros G. Makridakis, Steven C. Wheelwright, Rob J Hyndman Forecasting Methods and Applications.pdf
Subhash Sharma-Applied Multivariate Techniques -Wiley (1996).pdf
Subir Chowdhury-Organization 21C_ Someday All Organizations Will Lead This Way-FT Press (2002).chm
Terra Vanzant Stern - Lean and agile project management _ how to make any project better, faster, and more cost effective, second edition (2020).rar
The Introduction of Management Control Systems in Growing.pdf
Varian Microeconomic Analysis. SOLUTIONS.pdf
W. Lawrence Neuman Social Research Methods Qualitative and Quantitative Approaches.pdf
Walter Enders Applied Econometric Time Series.pdf
Walter Nicholson, Christopher M. Snyder Microeconomic Theory Basic Principles and Extensions.pdf
Walter Nicholson, Christopher M. Snyder Microeconomic Theory Basic Principles and Extensions, 10th Edition .part1.rar
Walter Nicholson, Christopher M. Snyder Microeconomic Theory Basic Principles and Extensions, 10th Edition .part2.rar
Wided Batat - _Experiential Marketing__ Case Studies in Customer Experience-Routledge (2021).rar
William W.S. Wei Time Series Analysis Univariate and Multivariate Methods 2nd Edition.pdf
[Andrew_Gelman,_John_B._Carlin,_Hal_S._Stern,_Davi(b-ok.org).pdf
[Bayu_Dardias_Kurniadi]_Praktek_Penelitian_Kualita.pdf
[Benjamin_R._Newell,_David_A._Lagnado,_David_R._Sh(BookFi).pdf
[David_Silverman_(Ed.)]_Qualitative_Research_Theo(BookFi).pdf
further evidence on the representativeness.pdf
target cost management and organizational theories.pdf
the association between activity-based costing.pdf
the balanced scorecard judgmental effect.pdf
the balanced scorecard the effect of assurance.pdf
towards.explaining.pdf
using budget for performance evaluation effects of resource.pdf
